Orga tests + product updates added (#392)
OctoMind-dev/mintlify-docs: changelog/changelog.mdx

icon: "sparkles"
---

## February 2025

### 2025-02-10

- The execution path of a test case is editable now. Because we do typos, and we know you do, too.
- `Tags`: We added customizable tags to test cases.

<Frame caption="adding tags to test cases, 02/2025">
  <img
    src="/images/accounts/tags.png"
    alt="add tags to your test cases"
    width="500px"
  />
</Frame>

### 2025-02-04

- `AI Agent` can work with `contain text` assertion now when discovering and generating test cases.

## January 2025

### 2025-01-30

- New `assertion` types: We added `contain text` and `have style` into the visual editor
- improved searchability of test cases
- **Recorded test cases** can be enhanced with an editable prompt

### 2025-01-28

> - `Test ID` attribute: Should you use your own test ID, you can configure it now in the settings, so the Agent can make use of it.

Reviewer: I would rather say:  "if you do use your own test id attribute ...", because its about the attribute name

Author: ```suggestion
- `Test ID` attribute: If you do use your own test ID attribute, you can configure it now in the settings, so the Agent can make use of it.
```
